---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Provider: HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise"
description: |-
  Provision HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise - with Terraform! Management of organizations, workspaces, teams, variables, run triggers, policy sets, and more. Maintained by the HCP Terraform team at HashiCorp.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise Provider

This provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by
[HCP Terraform](/docs/cloud/index.html). As [Terraform
Enterprise](/docs/enterprise/index.html) is a self-hosted distribution of
HCP Terraform, this provider supports both Cloud and Enterprise.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources.

Since v0.24.0, this provider requires Terraform >= 0.12.

~> **Important:** For production use, you should constrain the acceptable provider versions via configuration,
to ensure that new versions with breaking changes will not be automatically installed.
For more information, see [Versions](#versions).

## Authentication

This provider requires a HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise API token in order to manage
resources.

To manage the full selection of resources, provide a [user
token](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html) from an account
with appropriate permissions. This user should belong to the "owners" team of
every organization you wish to manage. Alternatively, you can use [an organization or team
token](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html) instead of a user
token, but it will limit which resources you can manage. Organization and team
tokens cannot manage resources across multiple organizations, and organization
tokens cannot manage certain resource types (like SSH keys). See the [API token
documentation](/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html#access-levels)
for more details about access to specific resources.

There are several ways to provide the required token:

- **Set the `token` argument in the provider configuration.** You can set
  the `token` argument in the provider configuration. Use an input variable for
  the token.
- **Set the `TFE_TOKEN` environment variable:** The provider can read the
  `TFE_TOKEN` environment variable and the token stored there to authenticate.

When configuring the input variable for either of these options, mark them as sensitive.

-> **Note:** If you are using this provider in HCP Terraform or Terraform
Enterprise, you will need to use one of the two options above, even if you're
using the `remote` backend with [remote operations](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/configuration) and the
[CLI-driven Run workflow](/docs/cloud/run/cli.html).

If you are using this provider on your local command line without remote operations (i.e. only using HCP Terraform as a
[remote state backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/state/remote)), there
are two more options available to you:

- **Use `terraform login` to generate credentials:** When using this provider with
  Terraform on your local command line, it can automatically discover the credentials generated by
  [`terraform login`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/login).
- **Set a `credentials` block in your CLI config file (.terraformrc):** See
  the [CLI Configuration File documentation](/docs/commands/cli-config.html).
  If you used the `TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable to specify a
  non-default location for .terraformrc, the provider will also use that location.
  Using a `credentials_helper` block is not supported.

## Versions

For production use, you should constrain the acceptable provider versions via
configuration, to ensure that new versions with breaking changes will not be
automatically installed by `terraform init` in the future:

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
  }
}

```

As this provider is still at version zero, you should constrain the acceptable
provider versions on the minor version.

The above snippet using `required_providers` is for Terraform 0.13+; if you are using Terraform version 0.12, you can constrain by adding the version constraint to the `provider` block instead:

```hcl
provider "tfe" {
  version = "~> 0.68.3"
  ...
}
```

For more information on provider installation and constraining provider versions, see the [Provider Requirements documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/providers/requirements).

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { Organization } from "./.gen/providers/tfe/organization";
import { TfeProvider } from "./.gen/providers/tfe/provider";
interface MyConfig {
  email: any;
  name: any;
}
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string, config: MyConfig) {
    super(scope, name);
    new TfeProvider(this, "tfe", {
      hostname: hostname.stringValue,
      token: token.stringValue,
    });
    new Organization(this, "org", {
      email: config.email,
      name: config.name,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `hostname` - (Optional) The HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise hostname to connect to.
  Defaults to `app.terraform.io`. Can be overridden by setting the
  `TFE_HOSTNAME` environment variable.
- `token` - (Optional) The token used to authenticate with HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise.
  See [Authentication](#authentication) above for more information.
- `sslSkipVerify` - (Optional) Whether or not to skip certificate verifications.
  Defaults to `false`. Can be overridden setting the `TFE_SSL_SKIP_VERIFY`
  environment variable.
- `organization` - (Optional) The default organization that resources should
  belong to. If provided, it's usually possible to omit resource-specific `organization`
  arguments. Ensure that the organization already exists prior to using this argument.
  This can also be specified using the `TFE_ORGANIZATION` environment variable.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.8 input-633a719106c9dd6ddcc1601930ca47820ac4bd91f5b67d6ddcd8ce9431630753 -->