---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_team"
description: |-
  Get information on a team.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: tfe_team

Use this data source to get information about a team.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.tfe as tfe
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        tfe.data_tfe_team.DataTfeTeam(self, "test",
            name="my-team-name",
            organization="my-org-name"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the team.
* `organization` - (Optional) Name of the organization. If omitted, organization must be defined in the provider config.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the team.
* `sso_team_id` - (Optional) The [SSO Team ID](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) of the team, if it has been defined.
* `scim_linked` - Whether the team is linked to a SCIM group. Only populated when SCIM is enabled on the TFE instance. If not present, SCIM is not supported or not enabled on the TFE instance.
* `scim_group_name` - The display name of the SCIM group linked to this team. Only populated when SCIM is enabled on the TFE instance. If not present, SCIM is not supported or not enabled on the TFE instance, or the team is not linked to a SCIM group.
* `scim_sync_paused` - Whether SCIM membership sync is paused for this team. Only populated when SCIM is enabled on the TFE instance. If not present, SCIM is not supported or not enabled on the TFE instance.
* `scim_updated_at` - The timestamp of the last SCIM reconciliation for this team, in RFC3339 format. Only populated when SCIM is enabled on the TFE instance. If not present, SCIM is not supported or not enabled on the TFE instance, or the team is not linked to a SCIM group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c9b6f4c3b1f8f9e634bc66f16b360bf0b9c00cb932b830522e5217904189ca6b -->