---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tfe_organization Data Source - terraform-provider-tfe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about an organization.
---

# tfe_organization

Use this data source to get information about an organization.

## Example Usage 

```terraform
data "tfe_organization" "foo" {
  name = "organization-name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the organization.

### Read-Only

- `collaborator_auth_policy` (String) Authentication policy (`password` or `two_factor_mandatory`). Defaults to `password`.
- `cost_estimation_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to true. In a Terraform Cloud organization which does not have Teams & Governance features, this value is always false and cannot be changed. In Terraform Enterprise, Cost Estimation must also be enabled in Site Administration.
- `email` (String) Admin email address.
- `external_id` (String) An identifier for the organization.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `owners_team_saml_role_id` (String) The name of the "owners" team.
- `send_passing_statuses_for_untriggered_speculative_plans` (Boolean) Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to true. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting has no effect and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration.
- `two_factor_conformant` (Boolean)

