---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_registry_module"
description: |-
  This data source can be used to retrieve a public or private no-code module.
---

# tfe_registry_module

This data source can be used to retrieve a public or private no-code module.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```terraform
data "tfe_registry_module" "example" {
  organization    = var.organization_name
  name            = "no-code-ssm"
  module_provider = "aws"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `module_provider` (String) Name of the module provider.
- `name` (String) Name of the module.
- `organization` (String) Name of the organization.

### Optional

- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the no-code module. Uses organization name if not provided.
- `registry_name` (String) Name of the registry. Valid options: "public", "private". Defaults to "private".

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time when the modules was created.
- `id` (String) ID of the no-code module.
- `no_code` (Boolean) Whether or not this is a no-code module.
- `no_code_module_id` (String) ID of the no-code module.
- `no_code_module_source` (String) Source value of the no-code module.
- `permissions` (Block List) The permissions for this module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))
- `publishing_mechanism` (String) The publishing mechanism of the module.
- `status` (String) The status of the module.
- `test_config` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--test_config))
- `updated_at` (String) The time when the modules was last updated.
- `vcs_repo` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcs_repo))
- `version_statuses` (Block List) The status of each version of this module. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--version_statuses))

<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Read-Only:

- `can_delete` (Boolean) Whether or not this is a delete permission.
- `can_resync` (Boolean) Whether or not this is a resync permission.
- `can_retry` (Boolean) Whether or not this is a retry permission.


<a id="nestedblock--test_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `test_config`

Read-Only:

- `tests_enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--vcs_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_repo`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String)
- `display_identifier` (String)
- `github_app_installation_id` (String)
- `identifier` (String)
- `ingress_submodules` (Boolean)
- `oauth_token_id` (String)
- `repository_http_url` (String)
- `service_provider` (String)
- `source_directory` (String)
- `tag_prefix` (String)
- `tags` (Boolean)
- `tags_regex` (String)
- `webhook_url` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--version_statuses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version_statuses`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `version` (String) The version of this module.



