---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_team_access"
description: |-
  Associate a team to permissions on a workspace.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# tfe_team_access

Associate a team to permissions on a workspace.

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```hcl
resource "tfe_team" "test" {
  name         = "my-team-name"
  organization = "my-org-name"
}

resource "tfe_workspace" "test" {
  name         = "my-workspace-name"
  organization = "my-org-name"
}

resource "tfe_team_access" "test" {
  team_id      = tfe_team.test.id
  workspace_id = tfe_workspace.test.id

  permissions {
    runs              = "plan"
    variables         = "read"
    state_versions    = "read-outputs"
    sentinel_mocks    = "none"
    workspace_locking = false
    run_tasks         = false
    policy_overrides  = true
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `TeamId` - (Required) ID of the team to add to the workspace.
* `WorkspaceId` - (Required) ID of the workspace to which the team will be added.
* `Access` - (Optional) Type of fixed access to grant. Valid values are `Admin`, `Read`, `Plan`, or `Write`. To use `Custom` permissions, use a `Permissions` block instead. This value _must not_ be provided if `Permissions` is provided.
* `Permissions` - (Optional) Permissions to grant using [custom workspace permissions](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#custom-workspace-permissions). This value _must not_ be provided if `Access` is provided.

The `Permissions` block supports:

* `Runs` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's runs. Valid values are `Read`, `Plan`, or `Apply`.
* `Variables` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's variables. Valid values are `None`, `Read`, or `Write`.
* `StateVersions` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's state versions. Valid values are `None`, `Read`, `ReadOutputs`, or `Write`.
* `SentinelMocks` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's generated Sentinel mocks, Valid values are `None` or `Read`.
* `WorkspaceLocking` - (Required) Boolean determining whether or not to grant the team permission to manually lock/unlock the workspace.
* `RunTasks` - (Required) Boolean determining whether or not to grant the team permission to manage workspace run tasks.
* `PolicyOverrides` - (Optional) This permission allows a team to override soft-mandatory policy evaluations, provided that team has been granted the org level 'delegate policy overrides' permission.

-> **Note:** At least one of `Access` or `Permissions` _must_ be provided, but not both. Whichever is omitted will automatically reflect the state of the other.

## Attributes Reference

* `Id` The team access ID.

## Import

Team accesses can be imported; use
`<ORGANIZATION NAME>/<WORKSPACE NAME>/<TEAM ACCESS ID>` as the import ID. For
example:

```shell
terraform import tfe_team_access.test my-org-name/my-workspace-name/tws-8S5wnRbRpogw6apb
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f691365da0e6b3c4428ccbb7ec230392b93d78cfe3e74d013dd07295368be86c -->