---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_terraform_version"
description: |-
  Manages Terraform versions
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# tfe_terraform_version

Manage Terraform versions available on HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage:

```csharp
using Constructs;
using HashiCorp.Cdktf;
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
using Gen.Providers.Tfe;
class MyConvertedCode : TerraformStack
{
    public MyConvertedCode(Construct scope, string name) : base(scope, name)
    {
        new TerraformVersion.TerraformVersion(this, "test", new TerraformVersionConfig {
            Sha = "e75ac73deb69a6b3aa667cb0b8b731aee79e2904",
            Url = "https://tfe-host.com/path/to/terraform.zip",
            Version = "1.1.2-custom"
        });
    }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `Version` - (Required) A semantic version string in N.N.N or N.N.N-bundleName format.
* `Url` - (Soon to be deprecated) The URL where a ZIP-compressed 64-bit Linux binary of this version can be downloaded.
* `Sha` - (Soon to be deprecated) The SHA-256 checksum of the compressed Terraform binary.
* `Official` - (Optional) Whether or not this is an official release of Terraform. Defaults to "false".
* `Enabled` - (Optional) Whether or not this version of Terraform is enabled for use in HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise. Defaults to "true".
* `Beta` - (Optional) Whether or not this version of Terraform is beta pre-release. Defaults to "false".
* `Deprecated` - (Optional) Whether or not this version of Terraform is deprecated. Defaults to "false".
* `DeprecatedReason` - (Optional) Additional context about why a version of Terraform is deprecated. Defaults to "null" unless `Deprecated` is true.
* `Archs` - (Optional) A list of architecture-specific binaries for this Terraform version. Each entry in the list is a map containing the following attributes:
    * `Url` - (Required) The URL where a ZIP-compressed binary of this version can be downloaded.
    * `Sha` - (Required) The SHA-256 checksum of the compressed binary.
    * `Os` - (Required) The operating system for which this binary is intended.
    * `Arch` - (Required) The architecture for which this binary is intended.

    When specifying architecture-specific binaries, the top-level `Url` and `Sha` attributes are deprecated and should not be used. If both top-level `Url` and `Sha` are specified, an `Archs` entry for the `Amd64` architecture must also be included, and its `Url` and `Sha` values must match the top-level values.

## Attributes Reference

* `Id` The ID of the Terraform version

## Import

Terraform versions can be imported; use `<TERRAFORM VERSION ID>` or `<TERRAFORM VERSION NUMBER>` as the import ID. For example:

```shell
terraform import tfe_terraform_version.test tool-L4oe7rNwn7J4E5Yr
```

```shell
terraform import tfe_terraform_version.test 1.1.2
```

-> **Note:** You can fetch a Terraform version ID from the URL of an existing version in the HCP Terraform UI. The ID is in the format `tool-<RANDOM STRING>`

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-9f6e1c4f44ecffd8fdbccc54645b7dfb93c6aa7cc2dedb29a9155435d4f58313 -->