---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_organization"
description: |-
  Get information on an Organization.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: tfe_organization

Use this data source to get information about an organization.

## Example Usage

```typescript
// DO NOT EDIT. Code generated by 'cdktf convert' - Please report bugs at https://cdk.tf/bug
import { Construct } from "constructs";
import { TerraformStack } from "cdktf";
/*
 * Provider bindings are generated by running `cdktf get`.
 * See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
 */
import { DataTfeOrganization } from "./.gen/providers/tfe/data-tfe-organization";
class MyConvertedCode extends TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new DataTfeOrganization(this, "foo", {
      name: "organization-name",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `name` - (Optional) Name of the organization. If omitted, organization must be defined in the provider config.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `email` - Admin email address.
* `externalId` - An identifier for the organization.
* `assessmentsEnforced` - (Available only in HCP Terraform) Whether to force health assessments (drift detection) on all eligible workspaces or allow workspaces to set thier own preferences.
* `collaboratorAuthPolicy` - Authentication policy (`password` or `two_factor_mandatory`). Defaults to `password`.
* `costEstimationEnabled` - Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to true. In a HCP Terraform organization which does not have Teams & Governance features, this value is always false and cannot be changed. In Terraform Enterprise, Cost Estimation must also be enabled in Site Administration.
* `ownersTeamSamlRoleId` - The name of the "owners" team.
* `sendPassingStatusesForUntriggeredSpeculativePlans` - Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to true. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting has no effect and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration.
* `aggregatedCommitStatusEnabled` - Whether or not to enable Aggregated Status Checks. This can be useful for monorepo repositories with multiple workspaces receiving status checks for events such as a pull request.
* `defaultProjectId` - ID of the organization's default project. All workspaces created without specifying a project ID are created in this project.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.20.1 input-944effb44f4d14fb4476a9f26014b95ea0376bb130076243476598735562f471 -->