---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_team_project_access"
description: |-
  Get information on team permissions on a project.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: tfe_team_project_access

Use this data source to get information about team permissions for a project.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as tfe from "./.gen/providers/tfe";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new tfe.dataTfeTeamProjectAccess.DataTfeTeamProjectAccess(this, "test", {
      projectId: "my-project-id",
      teamId: "my-team-id",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `teamId` - (Required) ID of the team.
* `projectId` - (Required) ID of the project.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The team project access ID.
* `access` - The type of access granted to the team on the project.
* `projectAccess` - The permissions granted to the team on the project itself.
* `workspaceAccess` - The permissions granted to the team across all workspaces in the project.

The `projectAccess` block contains:

* `settings` - The permission granted to the project's settings. Valid values are `read`, `update`, or `delete`.
* `teams` - The permission granted to the project's teams. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `manage`.
* `variableSets` - The permission granted to the project's variable sets. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`.

The `workspaceAccess` block contains:

* `runs` - The permission granted to runs. Valid values are `read`, `plan`, or `apply`.
* `variables` - The permission granted to variables. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`.
* `stateVersions` - The permission granted to state versions. Valid values are `none`, `readOutputs`, `read`, or `write`.
* `sentinelMocks` - The permission granted to Sentinel mocks. Valid values are `none` or `read`.
* `create` - Whether the team can create workspaces in the project.
* `locking` - Whether the team can manually lock or unlock workspaces in the project.
* `move` - Whether the team can move workspaces into and out of the project.
* `delete` - Whether the team can delete workspaces in the project.
* `runTasks` - Whether the team can manage run tasks in the project's workspaces.
* `policyOverrides` - This permission allows a team to override soft-mandatory policy evaluations, provided that team has been granted the org level 'delegate policy overrides' permission.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d1c3aa6211429ba9e9a0c1e6ba0b706c79f80142e3f4e8ea5d7cf12891482f4c -->