---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: Ephemeral: tfe_outputs"
description: |-
  Get output values from another organization/workspace without writing
  sensitive data to state.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Ephemeral: tfe_outputs

This ephemeral resource is used to retrieve the state outputs for a given workspace.
It enables output values in one Terraform configuration to be used in another.
The retrieved output values are guaranteed not to be written to state.

~> **NOTE:** Ephemeral resources are a new feature and may evolve as we continue to explore their most effective uses. [Learn more](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/v1.10.x/resources/ephemeral).

---

~> **NOTE:** Regardless of the sensitivity of the output values as set in HCP
Terraform, the `values` and `nonsensitive_values` attributes in this ephemeral
resource are both treated as sensitive.

## Example Usage

Using the `tfe_outputs` ephemeral resource, the outputs `vault_role_id` and `vault_secret_id` can be used to configure a vault provider instance as seen below:

In the example below, assume we have outputs defined in a `my-org/my-workspace`:

```hcl
ephemeral "tfe_outputs" "foo" {
  organization = "my-org"
  workspace = "my-workspace"
}

provider "vault" {
  auth_login {
    path = "auth/approle/login"

    parameters = {
      role_id   = ephemeral_tfe_outputs.foo.values.vault_role_id
      secret_id = ephemeral_tfe_outputs.foo.values.vault_secret_id
    }
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `organization` - (Optional) The name of the organization. If omitted, the
  organization must be defined in the provider config.
* `workspace` - (Required) The name of the workspace.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `values` - The current output values for the specified workspace.
* `nonsensitive_values` - The current non-sensitive output values for the specified workspace, this is a subset of all output values.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-25868a462b51b850499a9e695e33687f8cb610c5427b2aba1ca0998eac2049fc -->