---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_team_project_access"
description: |-
  Get information on team permissions on a project.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Data Source: tfe_team_project_access

Use this data source to get information about team permissions for a project.

## Example Usage

```go
import constructs "github.com/aws/constructs-go/constructs"
import cdktf "github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk-go/cdktf"
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import "github.com/aws-samples/dummy/gen/providers/tfe/dataTfeTeamProjectAccess"
type myConvertedCode struct {
	TerraformStack
}

func newMyConvertedCode(scope Construct, name *string) *myConvertedCode {
	this := &myConvertedCode{}
	cdktf.NewTerraformStack_Override(this, scope, name)
	dataTfeTeamProjectAccess.NewDataTfeTeamProjectAccess(this, jsii.String("test"), &DataTfeTeamProjectAccessConfig{
		projectId: jsii.String("my-project-id"),
		teamId: jsii.String("my-team-id"),
	})
	return this
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `TeamId` - (Required) ID of the team.
* `ProjectId` - (Required) ID of the project.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `Id` - The team project access ID.
* `Access` - The type of access granted to the team on the project.
* `ProjectAccess` - The permissions granted to the team on the project itself.
* `WorkspaceAccess` - The permissions granted to the team across all workspaces in the project.

The `ProjectAccess` block contains:

* `Settings` - The permission granted to the project's settings. Valid values are `Read`, `Update`, or `Delete`.
* `Teams` - The permission granted to the project's teams. Valid values are `None`, `Read`, or `Manage`.
* `VariableSets` - The permission granted to the project's variable sets. Valid values are `None`, `Read`, or `Write`.

The `WorkspaceAccess` block contains:

* `Runs` - The permission granted to runs. Valid values are `Read`, `Plan`, or `Apply`.
* `Variables` - The permission granted to variables. Valid values are `None`, `Read`, or `Write`.
* `StateVersions` - The permission granted to state versions. Valid values are `None`, `ReadOutputs`, `Read`, or `Write`.
* `SentinelMocks` - The permission granted to Sentinel mocks. Valid values are `None` or `Read`.
* `Create` - Whether the team can create workspaces in the project.
* `Locking` - Whether the team can manually lock or unlock workspaces in the project.
* `Move` - Whether the team can move workspaces into and out of the project.
* `Delete` - Whether the team can delete workspaces in the project.
* `RunTasks` - Whether the team can manage run tasks in the project's workspaces.
* `PolicyOverrides` - This permission allows a team to override soft-mandatory policy evaluations, provided that team has been granted the org level 'delegate policy overrides' permission.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d1c3aa6211429ba9e9a0c1e6ba0b706c79f80142e3f4e8ea5d7cf12891482f4c -->