---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tfe_organization Resource - terraform-provider-tfe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages organizations.
---

# tfe_organization

Manages organizations.

## Example Usage 

```terraform
resource "tfe_organization" "test" {
  name  = "my-org-name"
  email = "admin@company.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Admin email address.
- `name` (String) Name of the organization.

### Optional

- `collaborator_auth_policy` (String) Authentication policy (`password` or `two_factor_mandatory`). Defaults to `password`.
- `cost_estimation_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the cost estimation feature is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to true. In a Terraform Cloud organization which does not have Teams & Governance features, this value is always false and cannot be changed. In Terraform Enterprise, Cost Estimation must also be enabled in Site Administration.
- `owners_team_saml_role_id` (String) The name of the owners team.
- `send_passing_statuses_for_untriggered_speculative_plans` (Boolean) Whether or not to send VCS status updates for untriggered speculative plans. This can be useful if large numbers of untriggered workspaces are exhausting request limits for connected version control service providers like GitHub. Defaults to false. In Terraform Enterprise, this setting has no effect and cannot be changed but is also available in Site Administration.
- `session_remember_minutes` (Number) Session expiration. Defaults to `20160`.
- `session_timeout_minutes` (Number) Session timeout after inactivity. Defaults to `20160`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Use <ORGANIZATION NAME> as the import ID.

# Example 
terraform import tfe_organization.test my-org-name
```