---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_project_notification_configuration"
description: |-
  Defines a project notification configuration resource.
---

# tfe_project_notification_configuration

Defines a project notification configuration resource.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_type` (String) The type of notification configuration payload to send.
- `name` (String) Name of the project notification configuration.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project that owns the notification configuration.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `email_addresses` (Set of String) A list of email addresses. This value must not be provided if `destination_type` is `generic`, `microsoft-teams`, or `slack`.
- `email_user_ids` (Set of String) A list of user IDs. This value must not be provided if `destination_type` is `generic`, `microsoft-teams`, or `slack`.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the project notification configuration should be enabled or not. Disabled configurations will not send any notifications. Defaults to `false`.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) A write-only secure token for the notification configuration, which can be used by the receiving server to verify request authenticity when configured for notification configurations with a destination type of `generic`. Defaults to `null`. This value _must not_ be provided if `destination_type` is `email`, `microsoft-teams`, or `slack`.
- `token_wo` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) A write-only secure token for the notification configuration, guaranteed not to be written to plan or state artifacts.
- `token_wo_version` (Number) Version of the write-only token to trigger updates
- `triggers` (Set of String) The array of triggers for which this project notification configuration will send notifications. If omitted, no notification triggers are configured.
- `url` (String) The HTTP or HTTPS URL where notification requests will be made. This value must not be provided if `email_addresses` or `email_user_ids` is present, or if `destination_type` is `email`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the project notification configuration.


