---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_saml_settings"
description: |-
---

# tfe_saml_settings

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `idp_cert` (String) Identity Provider Certificate specifies the PEM encoded X.509 Certificate as provided by the IdP configuration
- `slo_endpoint_url` (String) Single Log Out URL specifies the HTTPS endpoint on your IdP for single logout requests. This value is provided by the IdP configuration
- `sso_endpoint_url` (String) Single Sign On URL specifies the HTTPS endpoint on your IdP for single sign-on requests. This value is provided by the IdP configuration

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `attr_groups` (String) Team Attribute Name specifies the name of the SAML attribute that determines team membership
- `attr_site_admin` (String) Specifies the role for site admin access. Overrides the "Site Admin Role" method
- `attr_username` (String) Username Attribute Name specifies the name of the SAML attribute that determines the user's username
- `authn_requests_signed` (Boolean) Ensure that <samlp:AuthnRequest> messages are signed
- `certificate` (String) The certificate used for request and assertion signing
- `debug` (Boolean) When sign-on fails and this is enabled, the SAMLResponse XML will be displayed on the login page
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key used for request and assertion signing
- `private_key_wo` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The private key in write-only mode used for request and assertion signing
- `private_key_wo_version` (Number) Version of the write-only private key to trigger updates
- `provider_type` (String) The type of identity provider used. Valid values are `okta`, `entra`, `saml`, and `unknown`. Defaults to `unknown`
- `signature_digest_method` (String) Signature Digest Method. Must be either `SHA1` or `SHA256`. Defaults to `SHA256`
- `signature_signing_method` (String) Signature Signing Method. Must be either `SHA1` or `SHA256`. Defaults to `SHA256`
- `site_admin_role` (String) Specifies the role for site admin access, provided in the list of roles sent in the Team Attribute Name attribute
- `sso_api_token_session_timeout` (Number) Specifies the Single Sign On session timeout in seconds. Defaults to 14 days
- `team_management_enabled` (Boolean) Set it to false if you would rather use Terraform Enterprise to manage team membership
- `want_assertions_signed` (Boolean) Ensure that <saml:Assertion> elements are signed

### Read-Only

- `acs_consumer_url` (String) ACS Consumer (Recipient) URL
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not SAML single sign-on is enabled
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata_url` (String) Metadata (Audience) URL
- `old_idp_cert` (String)


