---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_stack"
description: |-
  Defines a Stack resource. Note that a Stack cannot be destroyed if it contains deployments that have underlying managed resources.
---

# tfe_stack

Defines a Stack resource. Note that a Stack cannot be destroyed if it contains deployments that have underlying managed resources.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Stack
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that the Stack belongs to.

### Optional

- `agent_pool_id` (String) The ID of an agent pool to assign to the stack
- `description` (String) Description of the Stack
- `migration` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Stack is created in migration mode.
- `speculative_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if speculative plans are enabled on this Stack.
- `trigger_patterns` (List of String) List of trigger patterns for the Stack.
- `vcs_repo` (Block, Optional) VCS repository configuration for the Stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vcs_repo))
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory of the Stack.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time when the stack was created.
- `creation_source` (String) The source from which the Stack was created.
- `id` (String) ID of the Stack.
- `updated_at` (String) The time when the stack was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--vcs_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vcs_repo`

Optional:

- `branch` (String) The repository branch that Terraform should use. This defaults to the respository's default branch (e.g. main).
- `github_app_installation_id` (String) The installation ID of the GitHub App. This conflicts with `oauth_token_id` and can only be used if `oauth_token_id` is not used.
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the VCS repository.
- `oauth_token_id` (String) The VCS Connection to use. This ID can be obtained from a `tfe_oauth_client` resource. This conflicts with `github_app_installation_id` and can only be used if `github_app_installation_id` is not used.



