---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tfe_team_access Resource - terraform-provider-tfe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Associate a team to permissions on a workspace.
---

# tfe_team_access

Associate a team to permissions on a workspace.

## Example Usage 

```terraform
resource "tfe_team" "test" {
  name         = "my-team-name"
  organization = "my-org-name"
}

resource "tfe_workspace" "test" {
  name         = "my-workspace-name"
  organization = "my-org-name"
}

resource "tfe_team_access" "test" {
  access       = "read"
  team_id      = tfe_team.test.id
  workspace_id = tfe_workspace.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `team_id` (String)
- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `access` (String) Type of fixed access to grant. Valid values are `admin`, `read`, `plan`, or `write`. To use `custom` permissions, use a `permissions` block instead. This value _must not_ be provided if `permissions` is provided.
- `permissions` (Block List) Permissions to grant using [custom workspace permissions](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#custom-workspace-permissions). This value _must not_ be provided if `access` is provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--permissions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Required:

- `run_tasks` (Boolean) Boolean determining whether or not to grant the team permission to manage workspace run tasks.
- `runs` (String) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's runs. Valid values are `read`, `plan`, or `apply`.
- `sentinel_mocks` (String) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's generated Sentinel mocks, Valid values are `none` or `read`.
- `state_versions` (String) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's state versions. Valid values are `none`, `read`, `read-outputs`, or `write`.
- `variables` (String) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's variables. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`.
- `workspace_locking` (Boolean) Boolean determining whether or not to grant the team permission to manually lock/unlock the workspace.

-> Note: At least one of access or permissions must be provided, but not both. Whichever is omitted will automatically reflect the state of the other.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Use <ORGANIZATION NAME>/<WORKSPACE NAME>/<TEAM ACCESS ID> as the import ID. For example:

terraform import tfe_team_access.test my-org-name/my-workspace-name/tws-8S5wnRbRpogw6apb
```