---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tfe_team Resource - terraform-provider-tfe"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages teams.
---

# tfe_team

Manages teams.

## Example Usage 

Basic usage:

```terraform
resource "tfe_team" "test" {
  name         = "my-team-name"
  organization = "my-org-name"
}
```

Organization Permission usage:

```terraform
resource "tfe_team" "test" {
  name         = "my-team-name"
  organization = "my-org-name"
  organization_access {
    manage_vcs_settings = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the team.
- `organization` (String) Name of the organization.

### Optional

- `organization_access` (Block List, Max: 1) Settings for the team's [organization access](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#organization-level-permissions). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--organization_access))
- `sso_team_id` (String) Unique Identifier to control [team membership](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on#team-names-and-sso-team-ids) via SAML. Defaults to `null`
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the team ('secret' or 'organization'). Defaults to 'secret'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--organization_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `organization_access`

Optional:

- `manage_modules` (Boolean) Allow members to publish and delete modules in the organization's private registry.
- `manage_policies` (Boolean) Allows members to create, edit, and delete the organization's Sentinel policies.
- `manage_policy_overrides` (Boolean) Allows members to override soft-mandatory policy checks.
- `manage_providers` (Boolean) Allow members to publish and delete providers in the organization's private registry.
- `manage_run_tasks` (Boolean) Allow members to create, edit, and delete the organization's run tasks.
- `manage_vcs_settings` (Boolean) Allows members to manage the organization's VCS Providers and SSH keys.
- `manage_workspaces` (Boolean) Allows members to create and administrate all workspaces within the organization.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Use <ORGANIZATION NAME>/<TEAM ID> as the import ID. For example:

terraform import tfe_team.test my-org-name/team-uomQZysH9ou42ZYY
```