---
layout: "tfe"
page_title: "Terraform Enterprise: tfe_workspace_settings"
description: |-
  Additional Workspace settings that override organization defaults
---

# tfe_workspace_settings

Additional Workspace settings that override organization defaults

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workspace_id` (String)

### Optional

- `agent_pool_id` (String)
- `assessments_enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, assessments will be enabled for the workspace. This includes drift and continuous validation checks.
- `auto_apply` (Boolean) If set to false a human will have to manually confirm a plan in HCP Terraform's UI to start an apply. If set to true, this resource will be automatically applied.
- `description` (String) A description of the workspace.
- `effective_tags` (Map of String) A map of all key-value tags set on the workspace (includes inheritted tags).
- `execution_mode` (String)
- `global_remote_state` (Boolean) Whether the workspace allows all workspaces in the organization to access its state data during runs. If set to false, and project_remote_state is also false, then only workspaces defined in `remote_state_consumer_ids` can access its state.
- `project_remote_state` (Boolean) Whether the workspace allows all workspaces in the project to access its state data during runs. If set to false, and global_remote_state is also false, only workspaces listed in remote_state_consumer_ids can access its state,
- `remote_state_consumer_ids` (Set of String) The set of workspace IDs set as explicit remote state consumers for the given workspace.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of key-value tags to add to the workspace.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Service-generated identifier for the variable
- `overwrites` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--overwrites))

<a id="nestedatt--overwrites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `overwrites`

Read-Only:

- `agent_pool` (Boolean)
- `execution_mode` (Boolean)



